Job Simulation Highlights:

- Completed a simulation involving creating data visualizations for Tata Consultancy Services.
- Prepared questions for a meeting with client senior leadership.
- Created visuals for data analysis to help executives with effective decision making.


Task 1: Framing the Business Scenario
- To draft questions that I think will be important and relevant to the CEO and CMO.

Task 2: Choosing the Right Visuals
- To answer the multiple-choice quiz by reading the questions carefully, understanding the business requirements and choosing the perfect visual.

Task 3: Creating Effective Visuals
-  To create the visuals around four of the questions that the CEO and CMO have requested:

   Question 1: The CEO of the retail store is interested to view the time series of the revenue data for the year 2011 only. He would like to view granular data by looking into revenue for each month. 
               The CEO is interested in viewing the seasonal trends and wants to dig deeper into why these trends occur. This analysis will be helpful for the CEO to forecast for the next year.
   
   Question 2: The CMO is interested in viewing the top 10 countries which are generating the highest revenue. Additionally, the CMO is also interested in viewing the quantity sold along with 
               the revenue generated. The CMO does not want to have the United Kingdom in this visual.

   Question 3: The CMO of the online retail store wants to view the information on the top 10 customers by revenue. He is interested in a visual that shows the greatest revenue generating customer at the start 
               and gradually declines to the lower revenue generating customers. The CMO wants to target the higher revenue generating customers and ensure that they remain satisfied with their products.

   Question 4: The CEO is looking to gain insights on the demand for their products. He wants to look at all countries and see which regions have the greatest demand for their products. 
               Once the CEO gets an idea of the regions that have high demand, he will initiate an expansion strategy which will allow the company to target these areas and generate more business from 
               these regions. He wants to view the entire data on a single view without the need to scroll or hover over the data points to identify the demand. There is no need to show data for the 
               United Kingdom as the CEO is more interested in viewing the countries that have expansion opportunities.

Task 4: Communicating Insights and Analysis
- To develop a script and record a video presenting your findings to the CEO and CMO based on the four questions they asked and the visuals you created in the previous tasks.
